bagru	bb aa gg rr uu
baldu	bb aa ll dd uu
baltin	bb aa ll tt in
baltou	bb aa ll tt ou
cherche	ch ai rr ch ee
cherkin	ch ai rr kk in
chucsin	ch uu kk ss in
chéchème	ch ei ch ai mm
crajin	kk rr aa jj in
cranfa	kk rr an ff aa
cranlu	kk rr an ll uu
cranu	kk rr aa nn uu
digna	dd ii nn yy aa
digneu	dd ii nn yy eu
dignou	dd ii nn yy ou
dronla	dd rr on ll aa
dronon	dd rr oo nn on
drouji	dd rr ou jj ii
drouko	dd rr ou kk au
drudan	dd rr uu dd an
drullo	dd rr uu ll au
feuvam	ff eu vv aa mm
feuveun	ff eu vv eu nn
feuvum	ff eu vv oo mm
fevdi	ff ai vv dd ii
fienti	ff yy an tt ii
finchem	ff in ch ai mm
fincra	ff in kk rr aa
fingli	ff in gg ll ii
finksin	ff in kk ss in
finstu	ff in ss tt uu
flango	ff ll an gg au
gagnou	gg aa nn yy ou
gagrin	gg aa gg rr in
gloudi	gg ll ou dd ii
glouji	gg ll ou jj ii
gloulu	gg ll ou ll uu
gloupu	gg ll ou pp uu
glouru	gg ll ou rr uu
glouson	gg ll ou zz on
glouvi	gg ll ou vv ii
gourjan	gg ou rr jj an
govrin	gg oo vv rr in
gupru	gg uu pp rr uu
gurda	gg uu rr dd aa
iopta	yy oo pp tt aa
iorvu	yy oo rr vv uu
ienrbo	ii an rr bb au
iournu	yy ou rr nn uu
iouska	yy ou ss kk aa
jourja	jj ou rr jj aa
jourmi	jj ou rr mm ii